Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

    I have a few good examples, but when we created a drawing with functions really helped 
me see just how important and useful they are. I originally had programmed my code to do 
what it was supposed to do, but my understanding of functions was very flawed, and so I 
had to redo pretty much the whole thing. When I learned the relationship that fucntions, 
parameters, and arguments have, everything clicked. I was able to sail through the rest of
my assignment, and I actually enjoyed myself when I could more easily use the functions.


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

    The value of a test function, in my opinion, is to test out multiple aspects of a function
at the same time and in an organized manner. It also promotes understading of what one wants 
to accomplish with their function. You can't write a test function if you don't know what you're 
testing.

3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

    My original method was to do things that would either show up in the error message, or would 
locate the error based on if they were before or after it. (This included adding print statements
to check if variables were being affected the way I wanted them to.) I actually learned a much, much 
better method through my final project. I go to church with a well-experienced Software Engineer, 
and he offered help if I needed it. I had most of my code finished, but the last part just wouldn't 
execute what I expected it to do. Once I got with my friend, I explained the problem, and where it 
should be, but then he took me to the top of the program, and walked through line-by-line what the code 
was and what I expected it to do. Once we got to the trouble section, it eventually became clear that 
my code wasn't an issue as much as my understanding about drawing lines on a graph was. 
(Side note, I now have a potential job offer as a junior software engineer because of this interaction)

