CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    Showing Window AC Effectiveness: Temperature and Humidity V.S. Time
    (File name will be final_project.py)

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    Once my newborn daughter is old enough to sleep in her crib rather than her bassinet,
    she will be sleeping in our second bedroom. Our apartment, much like most apartments 
    here in Rexburg, does not have air conditioning. Fortunately, we were able to purchase
    and install a Window-AC-Unit in her room, but I was concerned that either it won't cool
    the room enough for her, or it will increase humidity, or some other combination of issues
    that could be uncomfortable/dangerous for her. So I set up an Arduino with a temperature/humidity
    module, ran the AC on full with the door closed for several hours, and saved the readings
    into a csv. file, but the temperature is in Celsius, and there are over 1000 data entries.
    What I want my code to do is convert the temperature readings from Celsius to Fahrenheit,
    and drawing and displaying the readings on a graph so I can see if the AC is effecive.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to put everything that I've learned this semester together. I will be using a csv
    file with the Arduino's readings, and I will convert it's contents into a compact dictionary to
    pull from, and I will need to modify the contents to be usable for temperature conversion and 
    to display on the graph. This will require loops, functions, and importing libraries. I'll be 
    using the draw2d.py library from a previous lesson to draw the graph. I've learned most of these
    things separately, so it'll be interesting to see if I can put them together.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    It will use csv and pytest, and the draw2d.py library as well.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    It will separte the tasks into functions, most likely ones that will
    create the compound dictionary, convert Celsius to Fahrenheit, and 
    draw the graph.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

    I'll write test functions to test the temperature conversion, and I 
    think I might be able to create one to test where the coordinates will
    be on the graph in a few places (Part of the information in the csv is 
    timestamps, which will be the key in the compound dictionary, so I 
    should be able to use that).
